Add deprecation warnings for `send()`, `transfer()`, ABI coder v1, contract comparisons, virtual modifiers and `memory-safe-assembly` comment (#16174)
ethereum/solidity: Changelog.md

Compiler Features:
* ethdebug: Experimental support for instructions and source locations under EOF.

> * DocString Parser: Deprecation warning for inline assembly annotation `memory-safe`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* DocString Parser: Deprecation of inline assembly special comment `memory-safe-assembly`.
```

> * Syntax Checker: Deprecation warning for ABI coder v1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Syntax Checker: Deprecation of ABI coder v1.
```

> * Syntax Checker: Deprecation warning for `virtual` modifiers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Syntax Checker: Deprecation of `virtual` modifiers.
```

> * Type Checker: Deprecation warning for `send` and `transfer` member functions of `address` type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Type Checker: Deprecation of `send` and `transfer` functions on instances of `address`.
```

> * Type Checker: Deprecation of comparisons between `contract`-typed variables.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* DocString Parser: Warn about deprecation of inline assembly special comment `memory-safe-assembly`.
* Syntax Checker: Warn about deprecation of ABI coder v1.
* Syntax Checker: Warn about deprecation of virtual modifiers.
* Type Checker: Warn about deprecation of `send` and `transfer` functions on instances of `address`.
* Type Checker: Warn about deprecation of comparisons between variables of contract types.
```

Reviewer: out of curiosity, if this pr isn't it, when was (or will be) the actual deprecation event? :)

Reviewer 2: Historically, our deprecations did not always come with warnings and I think we were not consistent with mentioning them in the changelog. You could also argue that some of these have been deprecated for a while now and it's a bit fuzzy when exactly it happened. I think it's better to mention warning specifically, because that's more tangible and is still a useful bit of extra info.

> * Type Checker: Deprecation warning for comparison of variables of contract type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Type Checker: Deprecation of comparisons between `contract`-typed variables.
```
